bot : Hi There! I am a banking chatbot. You can begin conversation by typing in a message and pressing enter.
user : My name is Sathya
bot : - - Bye bye
user : Loan
bot : - Please approach the bank with the following documents .1)Pan card 2) Aadhar Card 3) Passport Size photo
user : Does home loan available
bot : - To be eligible for a house loan please contact our bank service providers with all existing loan details along with 3 cancelled cheque leaves
user : Is the bank working today? Does the bank work today ? Are you open today ?
bot : - The bank is open all days from Monday to Saturday from 9am to 3pm ,with exceptions of 2nd Saturdays.
user : Are you open today?
bot : - - Hello
user : Is the bank working today?
bot : - - Top of the morning to you!
user : Do you have a cash deposit machine?
bot : - Please visit the brach to deposit cash using our e-facility
user : What is CIBIL?/What is a CIBIL score?
bot : - Banks, as part of their due diligence process, gauge the creditworthiness of individuals based on credit scores. The information listed on your credit report includes several variables that CIBIL uses to set your credit score. CIBIL score, therefore, reflects the extent of the probability of a default. An individual's credit history is submitted to CIBIL by banks and financial institutions on a monthly basis.
user : Tell me more about your bank
bot : - Our bank is a British multinational banking and financial services organisation. Our international network comprises around 7,500 offices in over 80 countries and territories in Europe, the Asia-Pacific region, the Americas, the Middle East and Africa.
user : Which branches have a storage locker ? Do you have storage lockers
bot : - ADYAR,ADYAR GANDHI NAGAR,AKKARAI,ALWARPET,ANNANAGAR = VASANATHAM COLONY BRANCH,ANNA NAGAR - WEST,ARCOT ROAD KODAMBAKAM,ARUMBAKKAM,ASCENDAS TARAMANI,AYANAVARAM,AYYAPPANTHANGAL,BESANT NAGAR CHENNAI,CHENNAI - ANNA NAGAR,CHENNAI - ANNA NAGAR 3RD AVENUE,CHENNAI - ASHOK NAGAR,CHENNAI these branches have a locker storage facility .
user : hello
bot : - Hi. How are you today?
user : I want to apply for a loan
bot : - What type of loan are you looking at ?1)House loan 2)Gold loan 3)Topup loan 3)Vehicle loan 4)Student loan
user : House loan
bot : - To be eligible for a house loan please contact our bank service providers with all existing loan details along with 3 cancelled cheque leaves
user : Gold loan
bot : - Please approach the bank with the following documents .1)Pan card 2) Aadhar Card 3) Passport Size photo
user : Topup loan
bot : - To be eligible for a topup loan please contact our bank service providers with all existing loan details along with 3 cancelled cheque leaves
user : Student loan
bot : - PLease approach the bank with the following documets .1)Acceptance Letter from Institution 2)Pan card 3) Passport size photos
user : How much is the loan processing fee ? What is the loan processing fee ?
bot : - The loan processing fee is /Rs450 only
user : What is the minimum CIBIL requirement ?
bot : - The minimum CIBIL requirement is 650
user : hi
bot : - Hello. How are you today?
user : gello
bot : - Hi. How are you today?
user : gee
bot : - Thank you. How can i assist you? How are you today?
user : im fine
bot : - What queries do you have regarding mobile banking.
user : im fine
bot : - What queries do you have regarding mobile banking.
user : thank u
bot : - always welcome
